capital = 930 #Sevastopol, should really be Simferopol but that would require more states so Sevastopol will do

oob = "CRI_1936"
recruit_character = UKR_asan_sabri_aivazov
recruit_character = CRI_krichinsky_leon
recruit_character = UKR_sevastopol_council
recruit_character = CRI_sultan_girey 
recruit_character = CRI_abdulmejid_ii
recruit_character = CRI_konr_council
recruit_character = CRI_andrew_vlasov 
recruit_character = CRI_ivan_illin
recruit_character = CRI_matvei_sulkevich
recruit_character = CRI_communist_council
recruit_character = CRI_shaimadran_ibragimov
recruit_character = CRI_anarchists_council
recruit_character = CRI_islamic_council
recruit_character = CRI_asan_sabri
recruit_character = SOV_anton_denikin
recruit_character = SOV_pyotr_krasnov
recruit_character = CRI_jakov_slascev
recruit_character = CRI_alexander_borovskiy
recruit_character = CRI_jakov_chapichev
recruit_character = CRI_jafer_saidamet
recruit_character = CRI_vladimir_tatischev
recruit_character = CRI_mustafa_kipchanskiy
recruit_character = CRI_solomon_samoilovich
recruit_character = CRI_nikolai_bogdanov
recruit_character = CRI_maksim_vinaver
recruit_character = CRI_aleksandr_bart
recruit_character = CRI_mt
recruit_character = CRI_nt
recruit_character = CRI_awt
recruit_character = CRI_aco2
recruit_character = CRI_acd2
recruit_character = CRI_adil_mejidov
recruit_character = CRI_vasiliy_kanin
recruit_character = CRI_elmira_jakubova
recruit_character = CRI_aishe_mustafin
recruit_character = CRI_aidar_faisief
recruit_character = CRI_zarif_kerimov
recruit_character = CRI_alisher_seitmambetov
recruit_character = CRI_essen_nabiulin

starting_train_buffer = 2
set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 30
set_cosmetic_tag = CRI_crim
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "CRI_air_bba"
		set_technology = {
			iw_small_airframe = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			early_bombs = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "CRI_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
	set_naval_oob = "CRI_1936_naval_legacy"
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_naval_oob = "CRI_1936_naval_mtg"
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
	}
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 20
	neutrality = 60
	fascism = 20
}
add_ideas = {
CRI_economical_bulb
CRI_ukranian_bunts
CRI_cadr_army
CRI_svet_state
CRI_defend_doctrine
CRI_three_langs
}





